okay hello YouTube it is now time for me
to show you what you get when you
download the newest update for
battlefield 3 and what you get when you
download battlefield back to karkand map
packs so to download the back to karkand
map pack you go to store if you have a
limited edition battlefield 3 as i have
this back to karkand download will be
absolutely free but if you have bought
it from the store and it's not the
limited edition you won't get it for
free so you just click on that and will
take you to the store it will download
for you i'm on the ps3 are right now
that's why i have got it today it has
only been out a day this map pack and i
played a couple of maps and i think it's
great so when you're done with the map
pack you will get four new maps and they
are called
yeah as you know or as you maybe don't
know if they're called shark oi char
kway Sharky peninsula wake island strike
at Karkand or gulf of oman gulf of oman
and these are three four new pretty big
maps and they're great all of them and
what I'm going to show you now is I
noticed this right like couple seconds
ago you go to my dog tag and we have out
download the new map packs press r1 it
will take you to the other dog tags then
scroll all the way down and you will get
these five new dog tags they're called
one man army diving dolphin battle vet
new Punisher and mine so these dog tags
you get when you download the new map
pack so you don't only get the maps you
get the dog tags as well and you get
these assignments new assignments and
what you do you I think you know that
you were going to get new guns when you
download the map pack and yes that is
true but to earn them you need to have
done these things right here and this
one is called best friend forever and
when you complete this challenge you get
the famas right here and you need to do
10 revives and 10 heels not that hard
and this is called fixing it and you
will get a gun called H k53 and that is
10 repairs kill one and maywood repair
torch and there are 1 2 3 4 5 6 10
different guns that you can get in total
and you start off with these five
when you have completed them all you
unlock these other five and those
challenges are much much harder look at
this one for example it's called
professional Russian you need to do 100
kills with assault rifles 20 kills with
underslung grenade launcher I don't know
what that is but and win five rounds of
squad team deathmatch again then you
will unlock the l85a2 and it goes boom
you will unlock that one keep your head
down creeping death and scare veteran ok
this guy trigger is pretty hard you need
to do 10 kills with the PP 19 and five
kills in the opv Jeep 10 kills in BTR 90
ifp there you know the tank and play two
hours on charkie shot on the shark
keymap and play two hours on gulf of
oman so this is kind of hard this other
five challenges are kind of hard but you
know these assignments are pretty cool
so I definitely like that you don't
unlock the weapons directly you need to
earn them so that's what you get
assignments culion dog tags and form
your maps and with the new update it's
called I don't know what it's called but
it's a new update coming out for benefit
3 it released like couple o days ago and
it's much faster to find maps to play on
and the menu after you have finished a
match you know the scoreboard on the
scoreboard it says now how long the
match took and how many eMCON stations
that were left if you played rush for
example so i guess that EA and dice dice
especially have improved this benefit 3
a lot with this new
update and this map pack is great I
think it's just in my taste and I'm
going to be enjoying it really much so
thank you for watching my video I
remember to rate comment and subscribe
to my channel if you want more I say
peace to you and remember to add my
gamertag if you want to my PSN i play on
the ps3 and I'm called show me heaven I
will I will write my PSN in the
description bar down below so this is
battlefield 3 as it says right here
thank you for watching and goodbye have
an awesome time and for you to play the
xbox yes I have an xbox too it's great
but the ps3 much better because then we
get better feed back to karkand one week
before you I'm sorry but that's the deal
so bye